doc: add documentation for fetcher `fetchMavenArtifact` (#504117)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/build-helpers/fetchers.chapter.md

  upload = "13371354";
}
```

## `fetchMavenArtifact` {#fetchmavenartifact}

> `fetchMavenArtifact` is a fetcher for downloading Artifacts from the [Maven project](https://maven.apache.org/). It accepts the following arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`fetchMavenArtifact` is a fetcher for downloading artifacts from the [Maven project](https://maven.apache.org/). It accepts the following arguments:
```

> - `groupId`;

Reviewer: Should we not provide a one sentence description here for all args?

Author: fixed :)

- `artifactId`;
- `version`;
- `hash`;
- `classifier` (optional);
- `repos` (optional): Maven repositories to fetch the artifact from;
- `url` (optional): URL pointing to the JAR file;
- `urls` (optional): list of alternative URLs pointing to the JAR file;
- `meta` (optional): the derivation's metadata.

It also accepts any other argument that can be passed to `fetchurl`.

Only one of `url` or `urls` can be specified.
If neither is provided, `repos` defaults to the most common Maven repositories (see [here](../../pkgs/build-support/fetchmavenartifact/default.nix)).

> If `url` or `urls` is specified, it takes precedence over `repos`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only one of `url` or `urls` can be specified and they take precedence over `repos`.
If neither `url` or `urls` is provided, `repos` defaults to the most common Maven repositories (see [here](../../pkgs/build-support/fetchmavenartifact/default.nix)).
```
